Step: grub
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Install the GRUB bootloader to the image. Works on a PC for
traditional BIOS booting, PC and ARM machines for modern
UEFI booting, and PowerPC machines for IEEE1275 booting. Supports Secure Boot
for amd64 UEFI.

Warning: This is the least robust part of vmdb2.

Step keys:

* `grub` &mdash; REQUIRED; value MUST be one of `uefi` and `bios`, for
  a UEFI or a BIOS boot, respectively. Only PC systems support the
  `bios` option.

* `tag` &mdash; REQUIRED; value is the tag for the root filesystem.

* `efi` &mdash; REQUIRED for UEFI; value is the tag for the EFI
  partition.

* `prep` &mdash; REQUIRED for IEEE1275; value is the tag for the
  PReP partition.

* `console` &mdash; OPTIONAL; set to `serial` to configure the image
  to use a serial console.

* `image-dev` &mdash; OPTIONAL; which device to install GRUB onto; this
  is needed when installing to a real hard drive, instead of an image.

* `quiet` &mdash; OPTIONAL; should the kernel be configured to boot
  quietly? Default is no.

* `timeout` &mdash; OPTIONAL; set the grub menu timeout, in seconds.
  Defaults to 0 seconds.

Example (in the .vmdb file):

    - grub: bios
      tag: root

Same, but for UEFI, assuming that a FAT32 filesystem exists on the
partition with tag `efi`:

    - grub: uefi
      tag: root
      efi: efi
      console: serial

Or for IEEE1275, assuming that a partition with tag `prep` exists:

    - grub: ieee1275
      tag: root
      prep: prep
      console: serial

Install to a real hard disk (named with the `--image` option):

    - grub: uefi
      tag: root
      efi: efi
      image-dev: "{{ image }}"
